How to organize? Two choices: Separate directories (like ml/) for different portions of the book, each with their own sub-directories including images and what not. Or a unified approach, with all images in the same directory. Related choice: All chapters at the highest level or broken up into sub-directories.

Remove anything associated with include_image() and image_link() from the MD chapters. That is too complex and hacky. Just do things in the default way, like with DS book.

There are errors with select() calls at the end of the (not-used-yet) ml chapters. I suspect that this has to do with a library which overloads select.

Improve the situation with skimr. It is hacky to rely on the use of an old version. Given that I am in html-only, I think that I cna just use the current version.

Square away R packages. There should be one location with all the requirements.

Diagnose importance of "DDK" commented error in productivity chapter.

Edit Bayes chapter, especially the end.

Add OpenIntro chapters.

Make list of individual chapters to edit.

Make list of Albert projects and timeline.

Update syllabus.

Consider the use of before_chapter_script: "_common.R" in the DS _bookdown.yml as well as the associated _common.R file. Is this an approach we should copy? Is the lack of this why I can't get all the DS chapters to work? Yes!

Combine _common.R and index.Rmd information into one place. Need to figure out how this works in bookdown. I think we need one file which only runs once when you make the book. That files does a bunch of stuff involving copying over files. But you don't maintain state after running that file, so any new functions are lost. Then you have a second file, like _common.R, which is run at the start of compiling each chapter.

I like the PDF version of Rafa's book available from Lean Pub. How hard is that to make?

Spilt up DS productivity chapter

Remove use of get_* speciality ModernDive commands. Replace with broom:tidy() and friends. 

Consider removing moderndive library.

Replace all uses of kable with gt?

Fix No additional resources in Chapter 6, 7, 10

Keep chapters 9, 10 and 11 from MD?

Requires internet when using read_mnist() in some DS chapters. Annoying! Fix by including copy of mnist? By getting rid of these sections?

